Room Booking Update (#78)
kossiitkgp/docs: events/room-booking.md

# Room Booking
Steps for room and AV (Audio Visual) cell booking for conducting workshops and other events.

## Steps for Room Booking
- Go to the Junior Executive, Academic Section (UG) (Mr. Shouvik Adhikari as of now) and get the form for room booking. [Here](../assets/room-booking-form.pdf) is a scan of the form.
- This form is only for room booking and not for AV support.
- Fill in the details necessary for booking a room. Date, time, and duration.
- Get the signature of a Professor and the HOD of the respective department as the booking is made in the professor's name (Approach professors at the earliest). CSE professors are easily approachable for this, so can reach them out.
- Submit this form back to the Jr. Executive, and they would reach back in a day or two for the payment.

> - The Jr. Executive would give a draft to be paid at the fees counter and take the payment receipt.

Reviewer: - Mention brief location of fees section :) it's literally bhool bhulaiyya

Author: Where is it?

Reviewer: good question, @chirag-ghosh thoda sa idea dedo pls 
At bare minimum mention that it is in main building itself

Reviewer 2: Establishment Section, 2nd Floor, Main Building

- Upon submitting the receipt to the Jr. Executive, the process from our end is done.
- The Jr. Executive would email a memo with the permission to use the room to the professor approving the booking (and may add the person booking it in cc).
- This memo must be printed and shown to the guard with the keys. In the worst case, the email and pdf memo can be shown.

### Room Booking During CDC

> - When CDC internships and placements, all Nalanda classrooms and Vikramshila rooms are booked by the CDC.

Reviewer: Mention timeline (August to December)

> - In order to conduct a workshop during this period, explicit written permission is required from CDC to use a particular room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In order to conduct a workshop during this period, explicit written permission is required from CDC to use a above mentioned venues.
```

- Get the signature of a Professor and the HOD of the respective department as the booking is made in the professor's name (Approach professors at the earliest). CSE professors are easily approachable for this, so can reach them out.
- Submit this form back to the Jr. Executive, and they would reach back in a day or two for the payment.
- The Jr. Executive would give a draft to be paid at the fees counter and take the payment receipt.
- Upon submitting the receipt to the Jr. Executive, the process from our end is done.
- The Jr. Executive would email a memo with the permission to use the room to the professor approving the booking (and may add the person booking it in cc).
- This memo must be printed and shown to the guard with the keys. In the worst case, the email and pdf memo can be shown.

### Room Booking During CDC
- When CDC internships and placements, all Nalanda classrooms and Vikramshila rooms are booked by the CDC.
- In order to conduct a workshop during this period, explicit written permission is required from CDC to use a particular room.
- This permission can only be obtained with the approval of a professor.

> - If a professor agrees to approve the booking, they will have to send an email to CDC (`tnp-off@hijli.iitkgp.ac.in`) with us (`admin@kossiitkgp.org`) and `tpn-placecom@hijli.iitkgp.ac.in` in cc, asking for permission to conduct the event on our behalf.

Reviewer: Add the email template.

```
Respected Sir,

Here is the mail draft we request you to send to [tnp-off@hijli.iitkgp.ac.in](mailto:tnp-off@iitkgp.ac.in) and cc to [tnp-placecom@hijli.iitkgp.ac.in](mailto:tnp-placecom@iitkgp.ac.in) along with this e-mail id. If there is anything to be conveyed to us you may contact us at _a contact number_ or _a mail id_.

----------------
Kharagpur Open Source Society (KOSS) would require one of the bigger Nalanda Classrooms, preferably NR121.

Details of the event are as follows:
- Name : Git and Github Workshop
- Date : September 2nd, 2023
- Time : 2pm to 5pm

As the rooms are currently booked by CDC, I request you on behalf of KOSS to provide one of the preferred classrooms for the above mentioned date and time.
----------------
```

# Room Booking
Steps for room and AV (Audio Visual) cell booking for conducting workshops and other events.

## Steps for Room Booking

> - Go to the Junior Executive, Academic Section (UG), Establishment Section, 2nd Floor, Main Building, and get the form for room booking. [Here](../assets/room-booking-form.pdf) is a scan of the form.

Reviewer: Bruhh I was talking about the cash counter not the academic section ffs. Abhi ke liye toh theek hai academic section ka location but cash counter mein payment hoti hai iirc toh wahan ka bhi location do woh hai bhool bhulaiyya

Reviewer 2: Haan, establishment section hi naam h uss jagah ka...
but very difficult to navigate 🥲
lift se bahar, through the corridor towards the end, then right aisa kch kch h... ⚰️

Reviewer: toh isne academic section mein kyun daaldiya, lol

Author: fee counter alag jagah pe hai kya? :harold:

Reviewer: hn bhai, warna kyun bolta uska location metnion karne, jo rohan bola woh fee/cash counter ka hai.. cash counter bolte hain fee counter nahi wese toh ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Author: to kya location daalu mai?

Reviewer: Jo tune academic section ki jagah dala woh galat hai woh cash counter ki location hai

Reviewer: Academic section aur establishment section ek cheez nahi hai

cash counter establishment section mein hai

Author: ok

- This form is only for room booking and not for AV support.
- Fill in the details necessary for booking a room. Date, time, and duration.
- Get the signature of a Professor and the HOD of the respective department as the booking is made in the professor's name (Approach professors at the earliest). CSE professors are easily approachable for this, so can reach them out.
- Submit this form back to the Jr. Executive, and they will reach back in a day or two for the payment.
- The Jr. Executive would give a draft to be paid at the fees counter and take the payment receipt.
- Upon submitting the receipt to the Jr. Executive, the process from our end is done.
- The Jr. Executive would email a memo with the permission to use the room to the professor approving the booking (and may add the person booking it in cc).
- This memo must be printed and shown to the guard with the keys. In the worst case, the email and pdf memo can be shown.

> - Note that room booking must be done **7 days** prior to the day of the event, and the booking procedure takes at least **4-5 days**.

Reviewer: Move this point to the starting of this section as a note itself.

----------------
```

## Steps for booking AV (Audio Visual) Cell
- Get the AV cell "Requisition Form" from the AV cell control room in Nalanda (ground floor) or from the CWISS (Central Workshop & Instruments Service Section) office near the Mechanical Engineering department.
- The form may also be scanned and printed. [Here](../assets/av-cell-requisition-form.pdf) is a scan of the form.
- Fill in the required details and get it signed by a professor.
	- Preferably, the student filling out the form should be in the same department as the professor signing the form.
	- For `User Name with Cell No`, fill in the name of the *student* filling the form and their phone number.
	- For `User designation with EC No. / Roll No`, fill in just the roll number of the student.
	- For `Users' Deptt./Centre/Society`, fill in "Kharagpur Open Source Society."
	- For `Equipments Required`, mention mic and speaker for audio and projector for screen sharing.
- The professor's seal must be stamped on the signed form from the respective department's office.
- Submit the form to the CWISS office or at the control room in Nalanda.

## Points to be noted

> - Keep at least **2 weeks** in hand before booking a room; the process takes time. The booking must be done at least **7 days** prior to the day of the workshop, and the procedure can take Weekends are excluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep at least **2 weeks** in hand before booking a room; the process takes time. The booking must be done at least **7 days** prior to the day of the workshop, and the procedure can take at least 4-5 days, excluding weekends.
```

Steps for room and AV (Audio Visual) cell booking for conducting workshops and other events.

## Steps for Room Booking
- Go to the Junior Executive, Academic Section (UG) (Mr. Shouvik Adhikari as of now) and get the form for room booking. [Here](../assets/room-booking-form.pdf) is a scan of the form.
- This form is only for room booking and not for AV support.
- Fill in the details necessary for booking a room. Date, time, and duration.

> - Get the signature of a Professor and the HOD of the respective department as the booking is made in the professor's name (Approach professors at the earliest). CSE professors are easily approachable for this, so can reach them out.

Reviewer: - Mention about JC sir :)
- The booking must be finalised before 7 days of the event. Basically start the booking process 2 weeks earlier since there are many more things to do.
- Mention about the minimum time it will take to get a room booked 4-5 days.

Author: > Mention about JC sir :)

Is mentioning specific names fine (without consent that too)? 

> The booking must be finalised before 7 days of the event. Basically start the booking process 2 weeks earlier since there are many more things to do.

This point is mentioned below but i'll mention it here too.

> Mention about the minimum time it will take to get a room booked 4-5 days.

ok

Reviewer: > Is mentioning specific names fine (without consent that too)?

what's wrong in it? he supports us and open source publicly, it's already evident ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Author: Slack pe continue karte hain discussion.

- In order to conduct a workshop during this period, explicit written permission is required from CDC to use a particular room.
- This permission can only be obtained with the approval of a professor.
- If a professor agrees to approve the booking, they will have to send an email to CDC (`tnp-off@hijli.iitkgp.ac.in`) with us (`admin@kossiitkgp.org`) and `tpn-placecom@hijli.iitkgp.ac.in` in cc, asking for permission to conduct the event on our behalf.
- The permission will be emailed back and should be kept show to the guard on the day of the event.

> - The [AV Cell booking](#steps-for-booking-av-audio-visual-cell) booking should be done separately throught the normal procedure. The permission email might be asked for during the AV cell booking process.

Reviewer: This is a general point, for all venue booking process. Don't mention it just under the CDC times section.

Author: > This is a general point, for all venue booking process. Don't mention it just under the CDC times section.

Better to mention it explicitly here since the room booking process is different during CDC. I'll mention the same point in the non-CDC section as well.

Reviewer: yes works..
